hello my name is Walter getting jobs you
probably know me better under the name
Wally we're here at the tournament in
Switzerland and we are just finishing it
up and it was super it was a super event
I think we have never had that many
people watching and being here and yeah
I've started to compete or started I
compete for a while and it gets already
better and to a higher level or higher
medium level let's call it and the big
thing is to me is to not forget about
Pirelli foundation or not forget about
the course you know the relationship to
my horses it's the biggest part and the
competition it's like the big case you
know there is many things things need to
be in place for scan the whole stay
confident in this environment in the
human stay confident in this environment
you know can we host a as a partner and
can the human stay as party it's very
very simple for humans do baby Colgate
predatory in this area or soon as the
calls for results and and and you know
time and and so it's higher and it's
easy to do kind of become normal normal
and forget it forget about all the basic
principles we have learned with patents
and the system and so that's the big
thing too
think about or looking everything from a
horse's point of view or from a
partnership point of view so you can
keep your relationship going even in a
higher competition that's very very
important to me talk about some
strategies I've learned with Pirelli
they're helping me in chomping and
that's the main part it's emotion you
know you can horses run very fast out of
fear jump high out of fear but I found
out that my horses fill in many gaps I
have you know I miss the distance I may
be in a bad position bad balance
whatever and if my horse is jumping very
much left brain emotional fit they fill
in those gaps and help me a lot where
maybe horses jump out of fear then get
to a point where they say no thank you
not anymore
and you know maybe a bad distance or
something and my left brain horses then
when you
invest lots of time in getting them
emotional fit then they help you more
and filling your gas and nobody is
perfect so we all you know miss
something you know but balance or
position or a distance it's not quite
right or so but if there are more
emotional fit they go it's hard work but
I'll do it for you that's a big thing
and the big difference I believe and I
would just like to say thank you to for
everything I've learned from you you
know there I mean the foundation of all
my results and of what I am is
it's the on your you know has grown on
your knowledge on and my experience over
in the States and what I need you I just
wanted to say very much thank you from
from my heart you're like one of my
mentors and it's great it's just cool to
remember back at our times and and all
the things you said and showed us and
just thank you very much